ACTIVE:
// Finnish drivers and constructors standings, for this also edit classes to add wins, podiums and points. These all start on 0 and will be changed after every race. 
   For example if driver5 was P1 then driver5.points = driver5.points + 25 and so on.
// Each race has its own way to calculate results using the ratings. The results will work something like, it creates a new array with the drivers sorted by their ratings in the race
   and assigns points and all...
// Create class constructor for circuits? just like driver and team. Add CircuitMode().


For v1.0.0 Alpha:
  Formula 1 Randomizer:

DONE Fix and finnish the Formula 1 Randomizer.


  Formula 1 Comparator:

DONE Decide this factor in the calculation. Difference in car and driver? Make the factor less/more effective depending on high/low skill/performance.

DONE For this I may have to create new classes and more parameters, like engine, downforce, power, pace, defending, overtaking, control and much more.


For v1.0.0 Beta:
DONE Make the general structure of the simulator program. The program will allow the user to either choose manually or randomize the grid for 
  each season. The program will simulate each season, each race and hand out points to finally decide both championships. I will create classes
  for the tracks. Each track will have different parameters like location and name, as well as different ways to calculate overall ratings based
  on whats important for that particular circuit, like high downforce, high speed, overtaking, pace and so on.

DONE Create constants (driver and car 1-20). Car 1-20 will already be decided but driver 1-20 will be pulled randomly from the array of drivers.

DONE Use randomizer to randomize. Comparator to decide ratings and make something that sorts them (array that push/pulls).

DONE The simulator will also gather statistics over time, like poles, wins and so on.

DONE Results in each race will be based on the array from the sorted ratings.


Further updates:
- Add drivers and teams not currently in Formula 1. For example Michael Schumacher, Ayrton Senna, Dino Beganovic, Tyrell, BMW and SAAB.

- Add historic, and not currently used tracks such as Macau, China, Russia and Hockenheim.

- Add more aspects to the simulation? Money? Team principals? Weather? Pit stops?

- Add fullstats that displays the simulators + real life stats before

- Gives different probabilities for the results. Maybe the console describes events like engine failure, spin and so on.

- Make it possible to create a custom driver/car. If the user chooses to do this the program will ask user to give ratings for different attributes.
  These attributes then themselves decide the final skill and performance in a TBD calculation. 

- Tweaking of values and calculations for ratings, drivers and teams etc.

- Make a command for game speed, allowing user to simulate race by race stopping for commands between or simulte the whole championship to dive into commands after that.
  Do this by setting an if bool == true before all thread sleep and input to continue places in the code. The command changes the value of this bool.